the simple show explains the carbon
footprint this is you you've probably
been hearing a lot about climate change
and how you should reduce your carbon
footprint but what is that exactly just
like an actual footprint it's a mark you
leave upon the environment help not with
your shoes but with every action that
releases carbons those are the harmful
gases such as co2 which are pumped out
by burning fossil fuels like oil or gas
the more fuel you use the bigger your
footprint will be you may think that by
driving your car the only carbon you
release come from the engine but no
consider the carbons that are emitted
just to get fuel into the tank from the
energy needed to extract the oil from
underground the pollution caused by
transportation and refinement to the
final delivery to your local petrol
station not to mention the co2 released
by manufacturing your car in the first
place more than your thought so unless
you live in a cave you and everything
you own has its own carbon footprint
read a book printing and distributing it
uses energy brush your teeth and your
utensils will have a history in a
factory even something as basic as an
apple could have travelled hundreds or
even thousands of colluding miles to end
up in your local supermarket you see
it's pretty much impossible to leave no
carbon footprint behind but that's no
reason to stop trying think about your
actions and choices and you'll be able
to reduce your personal mark after all
that's how you really put the boot in to
climate change
you